a
with my sound but I'll just do a sound check quick since there's somebody here
already. Happy New Year everybody. How's that sound look? Should be alright.
Yes sound good. Locked in five by five says somebody okay great.
Oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh time out JC on the bike. JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike. It's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise enough to know when a
chomp needs banning and I know just the one. Look at round it's JC on the bike. Who says
Vader didn't study music in college.
I thought that was super exciting.
You
Yeah, so we've got a video to review. I don't know how much we're going to get through it.
We're going to try hard to get through it at least.
This is a
I guess a stream brought to you by a patch cloud physiologist. I'm a biologist my whole life since I was a little kid
but I spent an awful lot of time on microscopes looking at connections electrical connections between neurons
and a measurement that's often used in regards to the resistance of the seal
when you make a recording from these neurons is a giga ohm and it is a high resistance low noise recording
and that's where the name of the stream comes from it's also the name of giga ohm biological.com my website
where you can go and you can also find me at giga ohm.bio
which is a kind of federated chat thing kind of like twitter only better
and you can find places to you know look at the schedule there and you can support the stream there
you can leave a voicemail send me your email address and you can also become a monthly quarterly or annual supporter of my work
and that would be very much appreciated and those people who are doing that right now
besides sharing my work the best way to do it is to subscribe and these are my current subscribers
I apologize for not updating this list as often as I should and going forward in the future obviously
I'm going to do that because I've been asking people to help and people have been stepping up
and so I really appreciate it very very much so yes let's move on with this business here
so we've got to add another column to this year year by year description of the illusion of consensus
we had to add another column to the fate in the novel virus has lasted four years now
and we're still trying to break it by calling it a lie because that's what it is really it's just a mythology
sounds like somebody's telling me my mp3 and now he's not quite good enough I'm fine with that we'll figure that out you can help me out with that
this is the faith we are trying to dispel
it really is giga-owned biological it really is January 1st 2024 I just can't believe it
I mean how is it even sure I'd be alive in 2024 I thought I would be in some kind of little cage you know like I go to that cartoon
and with like a day's look on my face but instead I'm in a cage in the back of my garage in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
hello ladies and gentlemen my name is Jonathan Cooey this is giga-owned biological high resistance low noise information brought to you by a biologist
it is the first day of the year 2024 and we are still arguing about immunology and mythology regarding the the thing called the coronavirus which I guess is an RNA pathogen
and RNA-based pathogen and we're still trying to really get to the heart of this narrative oh yeah that's right sorry I knew that that was coming but I just kind of jazzed out on it there a little bit
I'm having to split these slideshows up now so that the computer doesn't get so angry with them
I'm not really sure why that is
giga-owned biological is definitely the safest way to get biology in your head you can also use a knife and shove it in there
but I don't recommend that although it did work very well for Jeff
the faith in a novel virus is a train that we do not want our children to get on
it is a mythology that we don't want our children to learn it's a little bit like Santa Claus
but then because there are a lot of adults that are gonna play this game as long as possible we don't want our kids believing in this particular Santa Claus
and as this train is about to leave the station
and I assure you it is about to leave the station we have to be sure that our children don't grow up
believing that vaccination is a way that we have rid ourselves of disease in the past although it may have had some effect
it may have had some effects
the vast majority of those effects were on bacterial type diseases and they were done by interacting with the immune system at a barrier
they weren't done with intramuscular injections so we've got to be very clear about this
novel coronaviruses cannot as far as we can tell jump species and then pandemic for multiple years and yet we are being told that mythology and our children are on that train
and if we don't get them off that train they're gonna be stuck on it
same with PCR being a way to detect all these different viral pathogens we've got to get them off this train
and we cannot have them riding off into the distance thinking that variants are something that they have to pay attention to or that the PCR signals in sewers are something that are worth measuring
and adjusting our behavior accordingly
we definitely don't want them to believe that people can grow viruses in their garage as long as they have a biology book and some reasonable set of hands
but that is the faith in the novel virus that everyone is currently pushing
and incidentally what's really weird is that it's our side that's pushing that narrative it's our side that's insisting it was a lab leak it's our side that's insisting that they covered up it's our side
that's got a hold of all these narratives which support the idea of a novel virus but if we use biology we can get ourselves out
and so I'm trying to take this really you know 30,000 foot approach and say that first and foremost everyone no matter what your position is
your position on vaccination should be very clear at this point we don't know what we're doing we never did
and we certainly are not trying to figure out what we're doing now and we've created a legal structure wherein this can't really happen and so
we've got a call for a pause on all childhood vaccinations and then we've got a call for strict liability on all pharmaceutical products
and then we need to investigate what happened in 2019 and 2020
and figure out how these mass casualty events were created and then how they were orchestrated to use as evidence of spread confounded with evidence of spread
who told you to say those things in other words the questions we need to ask and we can figure out the people whom we need to ask those questions investigate the use of these mass casualty events
to create the illusion of the pandemic to look at these individual cases that supposedly provided us with
cultureable coronavirus samples that could provide us with a full sequence of the virus like Sohomish County man who apparently after being in the hospital left the hospital went to Home Depot disappeared something like that
we have no idea who he is where he lives where he went but he provided us with a sequence for which all of the preceding IP is basically based on
there are lots of anomalies in the beginning, middle and end of this little drama and those anomalies need to be cleared up and some of those anomalies are people
we need to reclaim our sovereignty over our bodies and those of our children in Congress must end the CDC and withdraw from the who in the UN entirely that's what I think
I think if we said something like this if we could figure out some way of organizing a message like this and getting people to agree on this then we can also debate about whether or not viruses are real or not
we can pause the vaccination schedule in America for one of many reasons including the fact that all viruses might be fake
you see how that works you can pause for the injuries that are being done we can pause for the legal loopholes that they've been given we can pause for the injuries that we see on VAERS
and we can pause for the fact that they may be lying about the fidelity of these RNA pathogens and we don't have to focus just on the fact that they're lying about RNA pathogens we could also work toward these other goals with that one in mind
so how the pandemic was created we went over last night and it's basically that they've been seating again a function narrative for decades now
and that's behind the scenes that's in the newspapers that's in science magazine
people openly complaining about the enriching of avian flu and ferrets and science magazine and New York Times complaining about these things
it's also conducting regular upper level exercises drilling for the potential for this danger
which obviously suggests that the danger is real otherwise these high level bureaucrats wouldn't be flying around the United States or the world to have these exercises
and then they seeded the mass casualty events with those injuries that were expected to happen for transfection like cardiac arrest like stroke and heart attack
and also seeded a narrative with a team of medlers let's say who would keep this narrative about the virus and about the spike protein going
so that when they started transfecting people to that protein the already built in presumption of the whole population would be that the spike protein was problematic
and the list was long it was already a cardiac problem it was already an amyloid problem it was already a prion problem it was already
the list is endless it was a described by many people as a swiss army knife
and so when we were transfected by it that swiss army knife could be blamed for the bouquet of autoimmune and protein misfolding and all these other complications that would be expected from a transfection agent
transfection agent carried by a lipid nanoparticle that was going to release highly cationic lipids inside of cells after the delivery of the RNA
and destroy the the electron transport chain ruin mitochondria do all kinds of things that people have been blaming on the spike which is really interesting
when in reality the the way that the mitochondria are likely being damaged in any of these cells are being damaged by the lipids that are carrying these these these RNA to our cells
at least that's one of the things that we learned from that Italian professor a couple days ago
actually that was this the stream that I had to bring down but that was not the part of the stream that that was the problem
anyway making the response declared a crisis by national security operation means that some of the people that are participating are actively engaged with the government and some kind of intelligence or national security type
way where asper or health and human services or something like that has conscripted them to participate but in so doing they have a certain obligation to keep their mouth shut about the things that they know and that's really what's going on here
that's why people are held to this this sort of really sharp boundaries to what they talk about really sharp boundaries about what they sell books about
nobody's selling a explain it all away pandemic book everybody's selling a you know bioweapon lab leak pandemic book or a ivermectin was fraudulent book or a hydroxychloroquine was fraudulent book
or vitamin D or whatever other you know that that's that's the the way that you see it and so in the end the effect is of course that the toxicity of the virus and the toxicity of transfected are confounded
and this allows them to say that the pandemic has proven that transfection is pretty useful and if we optimize it if we get better at making transfection agents maybe we even make them personalized for you
then transfection is just fantastic
and that's where we are right now is this you know where where we are is this this novel virus idea
is really here novel virus millions died millions more were saved gain a function is real and a virus may come again
and so how do we move forward from here what's our next move
from the start of the pandemic scientists have tried to determine exactly where and how this novel coronavirus spread to humans did it emerge naturally from the animal world
and get transmitted to people in Wuhan china or from a security breach at a research lab also in Wuhan that has been the subject of an ongoing debate
William Brangham is back with details about new studies published yesterday in the journal Science that point to the live animal market
Judy trying to understand COVID's origins has been a complicated and politically fraught undertaking for almost three years now
the Chinese government has been accused of impeding a full investigation but this new research attempts to get the clearest picture to date
now remember what I'm trying to argue is that the PBS NewsHour is his culpable in the sense of they participated in this
knowing that this is a narrow old wide who is this is this Erasmuson?
So the at the beginning of the pandemic a lot of attention was focused on this live animal market and you and several of your colleagues including Michael Werribee
have got some pretty strong evidence in your paper that indicates this was the epicenter of the outbreak what is that evidence?
We plotted all of the early cases from December of 2019 on a map of Wuhan whether they were associated with the wanted market
And so what we're basically dealing with is a bunch of people that have been hired or assigned a job which is to get one of these narratives to stick
In this case Angela Rasmussen formerly I believe of Georgetown doesn't matter she's now in Canada has a very firm proponent of the natural market leak
and has written papers about it she was really a vocal vile person on Twitter and elsewhere getting attention for being so mean
and calling people you know all these names because they said that the lab leak was a possibility and she made fun of those people and she ridiculed them
and on the other hand you know some other people on team worst case scenario would use her as a horrible example of how these these virologists are all lying and covering up a lab leak
and so she plays that role absolutely perfectly as one of these people who has laid down this Scooby-Doo narrative so that we think that wow it's crazy that this woman thinks it's not a lab leak
and I think that these other people over here are really smart because they've obviously they knew it was a lab leak from the very beginning and that was the team that I was on
it was really a team of natural or lab leak and the way that people were so angry about it was very much akin to the way that people are with Democrats and Republicans right now and
and the sort of polarization that occurs around Trump or can occur around transgender ideology or any of these other things where the left and the right in America right now seem to be split right down to the middle
and again the coronavirus was was dubiously laid right on top of those divisions and and we shouldn't see it anymore as coincidence that it was done that way but we should see it as absolutely on purpose
and in fact the narrative and the Scooby-Doo trap the mental trap that is the Scooby-Doo that was laid down by these people telling these stories about the possibility of a lab leak being ridiculous or the obviousness of a market being
an inevitable source of viruses because of the way that they store the animals and these kinds of debates were essential to get us to start thinking in this way to start kidding us to divide into these two groups that was then that were defending
those situations that seemed logical to us relative to the other position but completely out of context and instead within this limited spectrum of debate that was so beautifully laid down by these people
including Tony Fauci including Rand Paul including all of the people that engaged in this active, vocal, very dramatic debate about this duality of lab leak or natural virus
and that's what this idea that I think was best described by Noam Chomsky a limited spectrum of debate but a lively debate within that spectrum
and this gives people the sense that there is free thinking going on while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate
and that's how they've gotten us and our neighbors and our families and our friends to accept the idea that not only was there a virus and still is it circulating but it came from a lab
and that's why it was so dangerous that's why it went around the world because it was enhanced
and this is the trap that they probably more or less already knew they were going to do with this plan right here
this plan was designed to create the Scooby-Doo so that they could orchestrate a dissident narrative that would allow them to slip actors inside of the dissident narrative
so that in the end the dissidents were the ones who were arguing for the lab leak and propelling the narrative that the biosecurity state wants everyone to believe
and so if you don't believe the Fox News narrative the Republican narrative of hits a lab leak that they covered up because they funded it
and Fauci's guilty then you believe the natural virus the inevitable consequences of there being too many people on the planet and global warming etc etc
and that all meshes very well and this is the magic of what they've done to us this is the magic of this plan
magic of having a worse team or case scenario to propel that fear uncertainty and doubt so that people were scared into two distinct groups based on this possibility
without really being able to be allowed to consider the fact that nothing was actually happening because they killed people
people were dying doctors saw people dying but they allowed themselves to be bamboozled and I think of some actors made it seem a lot worse than it was
and the rest is TV history why did they do this well number one to avoid an exponential increase in Medicaid care costs they just killed a lot of old people that were going to cost them millions and millions of dollars over the next five to ten years as they aged out
and this has been predicted for at least ten years before the pandemic you can just look it up
it was going to increase exponentially as the boomers got older and one way to get rid of them is vaccinate them
one way to get rid of them is to say that there's a viral disease and stop giving them antibiotics for pneumonia
protection against growing skepticism in vaccines you may not be aware but right before the pandemic a few years before the pandemic the movie vaxxed came out and the movie vaxxed too came out
there was a lot of momentum with regard to the measles vaccine and that momentum was cut short as the pandemic started
it's probably pretty likely that a transition to digital currency in a controlled manner as part of this it's probably likely that transition to genetic vaccines for the entire population is part of this
it's probably true to confound the toxicity of virus and transfection to allow the pandemic to prove transfection successful for number four
it's probably to transition youth into submission in full digital control this is what Mike Eden is definitely convinced they're really doing is just converting us to digital ID and digital currency
and I don't think he's wrong I think the digital ID for the use of the internet certainly for me to stream at some point it's going to be required for me to have a digital idea I'm never going to be able to do it you know that's coming
I don't know how we get around it but that's what's coming disrupt family formation for a generation maybe that happened maybe it didn't shorten the lifespan of billions of people maybe that happens maybe it doesn't kill billions of people with a gain of function virus
I know destroy the cultural fabric of America and the rest yes sure and to help create the chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how the world is governed I think that might be a possibility
I think to complete their toolkit of control right so one of the things that has been missing from the toolkit of total control has been quarantines and curfews right so now welcome to the new world in America where to get on a bus to go through a subway station if you think that the procedures at the TSA are onerous right guess this is coming to a bus depot near you it's a more invasive way
and the ruling class needs this because let me say if the ruling class ever saw wide-scale civil unrest you'd see an Ebola outbreak in America right along
okay so this is what you see is that Ebola is another tool in the toolbox of the ruling class control to keep down absolutely one hundred percent this is a tool right
Ebola doesn't just magically start spreading and then we have this doctors that come back here the white people of course live the two whites who got it survived all the black people I get it die
it's very possible that these one of these NGOs over there is going around with a veil of Ebola or spreading it from a small plane onto villages the point is to get hundreds of thousands of people infected with it
and create the next phase of control now one of the things I'd like to show to back up my claims here here's a document from the Rockefeller Foundation
Rockefeller Foundation right there you can zoom in on that where my finger is it's called scenarios for the future international development the Rockefeller Foundation
okay let's take a look at what they're saying here this is something like a 50-60 page document I'd like you to go to page 18 if you can look at this up on the internet but I'll read it off to you it's called lockstep
so you've all seen this document before this document shouldn't surprise you he's just talking about operation lockstep from the Rockefeller Foundation it's not any it's a document we've looked at before actually
the next step is the one that came before the spars pandemic exercise or document which also was another scenario like this
they're saying that they call it a scenario these are scenario narratives and they speak about it in the past tense so they put out this scenario lockstep
a world of tighter top-down government control and more authoritarian leadership with limited innovation and growing citizen pushback okay I'll read a little bit of it in 2012 the pandemic that the world had been anticipating
for years nobody was anticipating a pandemic finally hit unlike 2009's N1H1N1 this new influenza strain originating from wild geese they use wild they use some
scenario but this is Ebola they're talking about it even the most pandemic prepared nations were quickly overwhelmed when the virus streaked around the world infecting nearly 20% of the global
population and killing 8 million in just seven months the majority of them healthy young adults the pandemic also had a deadly effect on economies you can see the you can see the agenda just naked law naked
control agenda written down and it's anybody's guess how this becomes effectuated in real life so whether this is written specifically as marching orders or whether people take it upon themselves in the intelligence
networks to say okay well this has been produced so this is the plan here but these narratives have to be written in advance because the intelligence agencies don't know how to do this these narratives they need help so these think tanks
they come up with these like grand corporation Rockefeller Foundation these are think tanks of death they're not the think tanks they're not there to find great ways to help people
okay the pandemic also had a deadly effect on economics international mobility of both people and goods screeched to a halt which is what they want they want a completely isolated world
debilitating industries like tourism and breaking global supply chains well of course they want tourism stopped because they don't they're not in the tourism business and they want you at home in your house in front of the TV
then they gotcha because once you watch the TV they own your soul even locally we're on television I mean commercial television let's say national even locally normally bustling shops and offices sat empty for months okay so I love how they talk
about in the past tense in 2010 the pandemic blanketed the planet though disproportionate numbers in Africa died Southeast Asia and Central America where the virus spread like wildfire sounds like the opening monologue of a disaster movie
right now listen to here's the good stuff so you can imagine this keeps going on it actually describes what we just experienced over the last four years almost to a letter
and what you need to see from this is that there is no doubt that what we have experienced is an exercise what we experienced was a planned exercise of governance
and if you see it like a planned exercise of governance a a theater in order for our children to be indoctrinated into this mythology for their lifetimes
that's what they did to us and not everybody's aware some people are unwittingly participating but many of them are aware that they are part of a governing organized governing mechanism that they're
participating in choosing a team because they have demonstrated to the ruling class the most efficient form of authoritarian capitalism so we have capitalism but unfortunately we have this
like they have a spell of democracy this is a very interesting this could continue on okay uh okay China's government was not the only one that took extreme measures to protect its citizens from risk and exposure during them pandemic
national leaders around the world flexed their muscles and so see one of the things that I think I've only just realized is that what the other five eyes countries especially Australian New Zealand
what the role that they played was the illusion that lockdown would prevent the spread of the disease and so they didn't have any mass casualty events in New Zealand and Australia because they weren't required their populations weren't being used for that
their populations were definitely used for the rollout of transfections but they were not used to seed the narrative of the pandemic but some people in New York City were killed in order to seed the narrative of the pandemic some people around the United States were killed in different hospitals in order to
seed the narrative of the pandemic that we know for sure elsewhere in the world I think needs investigation it could be the same in Italy it could be the same in Spain it could be the same in a few other places
early mass casualty events were all that was required two or three weeks of steady illusion and rise in cases was going to be enough for the sage and for the UN and for the who to project worst case scenario
and then we unleashed team worst case scenario around the world on TV and on social media speculating about how bad the worst case scenario may be a billion people are going to die but the knock on effects of a billion people dying
haul their families and the businesses that they work for is just going to be unbelievable that's what we heard that's what we were told
and so it's my sort of estimation that that the eight nine might be kind of bonuses ten is likely not possible
and eleven and twelve are also probably likely very much bonuses of the plan more than likely they knew those were going to happen
the eight and nine might be bonuses that they didn't necessarily need to happen but if it happens that's great
the main thing they needed to do was to get us converted to the idea that vaccines can cure cancer and eventually be personalized for you so that you can get a vaccine for anything
because vaccines are MRNA so we can give you an MRNA that makes you the factory of the medicine that you're going to have and then biologics can be made by you
no more small molecule development no more small molecule trials all biologics and then nucleic acid pro drug biologics that really take the onus away from
manufacturing they don't need to manufacture anything anymore they just need to make RNA
and so I really think the spread of bad ideas is much scarier and more dangerous than the spread of any RNA molecule that's how we got here
they controlled the opinion of people that matter they scared people that matter they they threatened people that matter and a combination of winning and unwitting participants in this illusion of solving the mystery of the novel virus
and almost everybody on the screen including myself right here were involved in the solving the mystery of the novel virus and we participated in it for a good long time
the trouble is is that the people who were in on the solving of the mystery in 2020 solved it in 2020
we came to the conclusion that the PCR was garbage we came to the conclusion that these sequences were weird we came to the conclusion that RNA can't do it but we don't really know why yet
and we came to the conclusion that even the suggestion that we can't make immunity to it is absurd but it was all meshing together with this hinting all the time in the background that it might be a lab leak
and of course that's a very exciting thing to figure out it's a very exciting ongoing thing if you think that wow are they lying to us or not are those people really dying or not are those people really falling on the street or not
that's why I started to draw the map a little different because it is a little different
that's why I show this picture in this street because it's important for me for you guys to know
that they all know who I am
I've met all of them I've talked to all of them they all say they've seen my stream most of these people say they love what I do
and yet somehow or another somehow or another we're here in 2024
and I'm still just some goofball with less than 3,000 followers on Twitch and these people are selling books and traveling the world not that I want that I want my biology out there because that's really what this is about if my biology was out there it would all be fine
if Bobby's book was selling great and people were reading the biology that I put in there and then saying hey you got this part wrong Jay you're saying all kinds of stuff about the diffuse proposal Jay what's this crap all about that would be perfect
but they're not it's just silence, crickets, crickets about clones, crickets about RNA fidelity, crickets about T cell immunity, crickets about the ridiculous nature of presenting antibodies as being seminal to combating a respiratory
disease or a respiratory RNA virus
what is going on ladies and gentlemen how is it possible that in 2024 I'm still basically where I was in 2021
have I gotten at that wrong?
is my teaching that obtuse?
are my presentations so disorganized?
it's very hard to tell what's going on
but I know it's something bigger than just you know random algorithm stuff
did I turn that off did you see who's back there? yeah I think I did
and so this whole thing you know it took me three years to see through this crap that we had been led to believe is possible
and the plan was to scare everyone the plan was to use this illusion of consensus about a worst case scenario to scare everyone to taking a transfection to eliminate the control group
and to move forward with the idea that everybody has accepted that there are pandemics and sometimes you're just gonna have to suck it up and take a shot
but they didn't get us that far
in a lot of countries they didn't get us that far but the kids got really far
and the books are still coming out
and in reality that book is 500 pages and there's a few quotes of me and that's it
the rest is stories of other people and those stories are mostly about a lab leak and mostly about bad guy china
and mostly about bad guy eco health and bad guy this and bad guy that
nothing about the possibility that biosecurity state dominance could be achieved also by illusion
and that RNA viruses are a very very very very wonderful opportunity for an illusion
that could really just be the deployment of of biologics in the wild and testing how they work all under the guise of well there's viruses out there
imagine this as a distinct possibility before we write off everything and just say that there's a lot of stuff out there going around
that's the challenge of this that's the problem with these worst case scenario people
that's why this plan worked so well
because even the people who were allowed to say that there was no virus or that the PCR was crap
were also controlling a narrative because they didn't say well they're killing people in America
that's how they that's what's happened in New York they killed people
they didn't come to that realization until it was too late
they shrugged it all off as nonsense even though we were killing people
and then we started using remdesivir and killed people in a different way again
even after we purported to figure out the ventilator problem
it was layer upon layer
and the worst case scenario people were ignoring all of that
and still continue to this day
attributes 7 million people dying to a virus more than 1 million people in America
and nobody got killed by remdesivir
no one was killed by the lack of antibiotics
nobody was killed by ventilation
nobody was killed by any bad bad protocols or are allowing the opioid crisis to go crazy
nobody was killed by that for these people
worst case scenario people say that it's amyloid and prion and amyloid is everywhere
and the spike protein was was juiced up
fear and cleavage site fear and cleavage site fear and cleavage site
where did that story go now?
the fear and cleavage site occupied almost 5 or 6 months of 2020
where that story go now the worst case scenario team has been so instrumental
and making sure that the scooby-doo is followed
foot by foot
inch by inch
just it's literally turning into worst case scenario
and depending on who's car you got into
you heard the same thing over and over again
that led to a faith in a novel virus that didn't question vaccination
didn't question the PCR test
didn't question variants
didn't question asymptomatic spread
and didn't question gain of function research
that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario
and four years later he's saying the same crap
we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario
and they all are
they're all saying the same crap still
I'm afraid that the latest
even
our friend
what would you have heard
in 2020?
what would have happened to you and where would you be now?
let's just think about that
let's just think about that for a second
if you would have gotten in the car with John Goodman
can I play media?
I'm going to escape out of there
and now I think it will
play the media
actually a famous actor
when they're not
right that's one thing
you're used to that in New York City
right
but to see somebody get up in front of
the global press
from the World Headquarters at WHO
and call himself a doctor
suggesting he is a medical doctor
but he is not
you know
right there
I say no wait a minute
a table
or chain is as strong as its weakest link
so in the global health interconnected world
we have a system
where the United States is for that expensive
pretty good health infrastructure
around this country
Ethiopia
the country where this Nimrod is from
you know after all these years
and billions and billions of dollars
still has very few doctors
very few nurses
no to Ethiopia
from the Global Fund
and from other places
with all of that
under the direction
in the history of Tedros
we are left behind
with a system
in Ethiopia
that is not equipped to cope
with this pandemic
I mean you talk about
the problems we have
in
in England
with 70 million people
or 65 million people
Ethiopia has
almost 110 million people
wow
and this idiot
you know who did a poor job
as Health Minister in Ethiopia
gets promoted upwards
now he's the head of
and we're listening to him
what is he a doctor
oh he's not again
he's a PhD
and I don't know what
so I mean that's kind of weird
that you'd make the head
of the World Health Organization
a doctor in something
other than medicine
I would even go as far as saying
look we know Dr. Corsi
is a PhD in political science
and you know he's sometimes
comments on
obviously
coronavirus is national news
so he's commenting on it
but I don't think he ever
makes any kind of
effort to imply
that he's anything
other than a doctor
of political science
and when we have
somebody who's the head
of the World Health Organization
I think people would assume
he's a medical doctor
is that not the person
who's doing that right now
Charles, there's a guy
named Dr. Paul Cottrell
who looks at this bus pass
this too shall pass
we're here in
Astor Place
for people who don't know
New York
when I was writing for the
look at that
black cube, Charles
it turns
you can turn
I know
but it's like an
evil thing
the black cube
has symbolism of
something
so I used to write
when I'd write my
college for the Sunday
Washington Times
I used to write it
in there
and you'd see
a lot of very famous
people in that
particular Starbucks
well there's a
hit neighborhood
Don Ainas used to
live in that building
which one
one Astor Place
right on the corner
over there
and this is like
NYU territory
Broadway is
right over there
so this was kind of
like my
stomping ground
in college
are you sure
you're hanging out
wasn't over there
well
so wait
will we just stop for a
second
there's Cooper Union
so we finished on
Ted Rose
we haven't even
we will stop the story
on Ted Rose in
and say
there's a lot more
coming on
Ted Rose
and how he got
to be head of the
WHO
whether the WHO
indeed manages
any money
properly
the donors to the
WHO
beyond individual
nations
include the
Gates Foundation
Bloomberg Philanthropies
Rockefeller Foundation
only it has way
too much money
if you punch into
Google
WHO fraud and
corruption
you will get
there are more
hotels first law
I mean
you'll find
all sorts of
stuff in there
so more on that
in another broadcast
but just quickly
on this guy Dr. Paul
control
he's like
you know
he presents himself
as a Harvard doctor
he's talking about
medical subjects
he's come on the social
media scene
during this
coronavirus outbreak
and I think a lot
of people
automatically
myself included
presumed he was
a medical doctor
and I had reached
out to him
for several weeks
to try to get him
on the show
careful
to try to talk to the
guy
let's just focus
on
sure
and he's been
avoiding me
he's been appearing
on other shows
and I've heard him
mispronounce medical
terms
and he's driving
panic
so if Dr. Paul
control sees this
it's no longer
an invitation to
appear on the show
it's a challenge
to appear on the show
and answer questions
as to why
a non-MD
is putting forward
this inflammatory
information
because there's
a lot of people
who have been
inflaming
and doctors
are guilty too
yeah
that's a good idea
so where would you be
if you got into the car
with Jason
Goodman
in 2020
well
you would have been
wondering
who Paul
control is
watching his
streams
and trying to figure
out why
he was faking it
maybe you would have
seen me on a stream
with Paul
control
and then
Kevin McCarran
thought Kevin McCarran
was a real guy
and the other guys
were fake
but this guy
would have set you up
to think that
like he was also
onto Paul
control
so maybe you would
think that
Kevin McCarran
and me
going after Paul
control
and a couple of those
streams
would convince you
to follow me
and the
show is on
right
except none of those
guys ever
said
my name
none of those guys
ever promoted me
I got absorbed
by them
and I think
what you're seeing here
is already
what happened
already way back then
we have players
being played
and rivalries
being set up
so that
people
get funneled
into these
false
sort of
rivalries
false
you know
I'm checking up
on him
I'm checking up on him
they're all connected
through
George Webb
they've all
been in a car
with him
and so where would you be
if you fell
on
Addie
ads page
or you fell
on
Jason
and
I'm going to
follow
George Webb
or you
stumbled
on Mark
you might all
be one
great big
web of people
and if any
of those people
are any
good
they would have
been
sucked up
and absorbed
and
drowned out
by the
people
that weren't
and as we moved
through the
pandemic
we know
that the
people
were
all right
I mean I met
him in person
and then within a month
he was
calling us
Bush league
and
telling us
to
F off
Paul
Catrell
we've known has
been
faked since the very
beginning of the
pandemic
but oddly enough
nobody really
called him out
they kind of did
but not really
like he was
a
creator
and if you would have
stayed in the car
with these guys
you would believe
that it was the
flu
revisited
right now
and that
Fauci covered
that up
by calling it a
coronavirus
or that there
might be
two viruses
out there
a SARS virus
and
the 1918
flu
revived
this road
and you got
picked up by these guys
and guess what
millions of
people died
millions more
were saved
from a novel
virus
and they didn't
question a
darn thing
and it didn't
matter what car you
got into
because you were
always going to get
picked up
by one of these
people you didn't
you couldn't even listen
to somebody
as wise as
Jordan Peterson
who can
teach you
about human
behavior
and you
feel real
good about the
psychological
disarray
that the
pandemic put you
in.
He made you feel
real
good about
not understanding
it was
so complicated
you just gave up.
He made you feel
real
good about
being scared.
He told
you to
take the
damn
shot and get it
over with
because it
could have been
a hell
of a
lot of
serious
infections.
I mean
it's just laughable.
It's not a matter
of what is true
that counts.
It's a matter
of what is perceived
to be true.
Mr.
Kissinger said
and these
people have
been engaged
in making sure
happened.
It's a national
security priority
it's a national security
priority
it's a national
security
it's a national security operation. That's why they keep doing it. That's why they don't tell us.
That's why they're so convinced. They're so certain because they're certain that if they
stick to the narrative, nobody will take away their comfort and fame. So we're still in the
car with these people. A car to nowhere. A car that is defined by this faith in a novel virus,
this idea that there is now a terrible new variant out there that is a result of the
Merrick's disease-like enrichment for virulence. Vincent Rancin-Yellow says that no, it's not
enrichment for virulence. It's fitness and virulence comes along with that.
And here at Funded Bulsh has been saying this from
from, I believe, I believe January of 2021. He has been saying that the vaccine may start to enrich
variants. And in fact, I believe we were already talking about the vaccine like AstraZeneca
actually influencing the virus already back in 2020. And it was actually,
myself, I tweeted the Merrick's disease paper, I think, in January of 2021 or December of 2020.
And so let's listen to Heron Funded Bulsh and Steve Kirsch.
Let's see what they discover here.
Um, are that they wouldn't show up to find out the truth about the vaccines.
And in fact, there are a few people that left early.
Or I was, they were, oh, without any further ado, I want to bring on our special guest of honor
this evening, Dr. Gert, Vanden Bosch. Welcome, Dr. Gert. How are you doing?
Yeah, Bell, thanks. I'm doing fine. Still very much concentrated on my favorite topic.
Actually, let me read your bio before I leave you two to have a chat so that people know who you
are. You received your DVM from University of Gents in Belgium and a PhD in virology from
the University of Hohenheim, Germany. After a career in academia, Gert worked for several large
vaccine manufacturers in R&D and late development, went on to join the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's
global health discovery team as senior program officer, and then the Gavi Alliance for Global
Vaccination in Geneva as senior Ebola program manager. And remind me, I want to ask you about
the World Health Organization later. Gert subsequently became the head of the vaccine
development office at the German Center for Infection Research in Cologne. You are now
primarily serving as biotech vaccine consultant while also conducting your own research on natural
killer cell-based vaccines. You're a creative thinker, innovator, entrepreneur, and visionary
who, as we noted at the top of the show, have been warning the world about the dangers of
COVID mass vaccination program in the middle of a pandemic. You can check out your new book on
this topic. Let me fly out a quick shot of your book cover there. It's called the Inescapable
Immune Escape Pandemic. We'll put the links in the chat. And again, a fine welcome. Inescapable,
Inescapable Immune Escape Pandemic. That's pretty funny. What I'm looking for is a stimulating
conversation. Sure. Thanks. All right. Gert, good to see you. So anything, you know, we've all read
your predictions and so forth and advice. Is there anything like new that would have changed
anything that you've said that you recently learned like, oh, you suddenly decided that
new information shows that the COVID vaccines are safe and you were wrong? Or, you know, anything
that anything new that we should know, any updates or, you know, what's the biggest thing
top your mind right now? Well, the biggest thing right now, and it's only, you know, you can only
frame this if you follow the evolution of the virus. And of course, also the new response,
as the virus is evolving, also the new response is changing. And so, I mean, the devil is in the
detail. So there's many things that at first glance don't seem very important. But for example,
the fact that there is now the G and one lineage that is growing very fast and that is, for the
first time, incorporating a number of mutations that are, in fact, enhancing the
reproductiveness of the virus and that are not located in the spike movie, that is very, very new
and very, very, very soon. Yeah, it's, of course, complex. But what we see is that in the meantime,
not only, I guess, in the US, in several different states, but also in Europe, hospitalization
rates and even mortality rates due to COVID or, or again, climbing. And if you put all these,
all these factors together, there is at least, from my viewpoint, a reason for big, big concern
that we are in the last straight line to what I've been predicting since quite a long time,
which is the emergence of, of a new variant that would have the capacity to cause
highly virulent, very severe disease in highly vaccinated populations. We can talk about how
these things are connected. None of these is unfortunately very, very simple, but it's very
clear. What is very clear is that so far, the mutations that we have seen were very much
concentrated on the spike protein. And as we have seen after the advent of Omicron, in fact,
the mutations have become less and less selective in a sense that, at the beginning, they were
primarily focused on the receptor binding domain. And then we have seen several different
mutations in spike that were no longer located in the receptor binding domain, what we are seeing
right now. And of course, as I was always saying, it's, it's, it's not a coincidence that we are
vaccinating with vaccines that are targeting, of course, spike. And it's not a coincidence that
the immunodominant domain within spike is the receptor binding domain. So in fact, every single
time that you see mutations that become dominant, the question should be, the question should be,
what is the kind of immune pressure that the population is exerting on the virus? So I give
one example, when Omicron came all of a sudden, some people were saying, well, this is kind of
like another virus that the stakeholders put in the game to prolong the pandemic. And even
very intelligent people, very intelligent scientists have been saying that this was not
a natural evolution, and that something was very suspicious because the virus could not
naturally evolve in that way. And then, of course, you come in the whole realm of conspiracy
theories, et cetera. And then I'm always saying to people, listen, you cannot, you cannot understand
the evolution of the virus. If you don't understand the kind of immune pressure that the population
is putting on the virus, if that pressure is such that it requires a virus in order to survive,
to implement a number of mutations, even, you know, very suddenly, like Omicron did,
then there is no surprise that all of a sudden the virus can change dramatically.
And, of course, one could say, well, you know, the mortality rates are pretty low still,
and hospitalization rates, et cetera. And, for example, GN1 is not more virulent than the
other co-circulating variants, et cetera. So this is all part of the narrative, and this
is all part of the interpretation of those who have no deep understanding of this evolution.
But what I'm saying is that, for example, GN1 is now very, very some, not because of its intrinsic
virulence, but because of its high infectiousness. So, so far, what we're seeing is that the antibodies
that are still prevailing in vaccinees have an infection mitigating effect. So they can still
mitigate, mitigate infection. But, of course, they cannot, they cannot prevent the infection,
and it's very interesting. I'm sure you guys are aware of these papers that I'm debunking all the
time, where scientists are trying to demonstrate that the antibodies in vaccinees have still neutralizing
capacity. So this is a very strange phenomenon. If you have, for example, neutralizing antibodies,
or antibodies that used to be neutralizing, but that are no longer neutralizing, but they are
present, for example, in very high concentration, because vaccinees get all the time and re-exposed
to the virus, which, by the way, circulating virus-decided infections, or they get boosted by this mRNA
boost, then you get exceptionally high titers of antibodies that, in fact, are no longer neutralizing.
At this very high concentration, they can still, they can still bind to the virus in a way that
it is, like, protected from the receptors. That is only possible at very high concentrations.
You see immediately that when the concentrations go down, the effect is no longer neutralizing,
but it is an infection mitigating effect. And that mitigating effect is, in fact,
due to the fact that the antibodies that are no longer neutralizing can still, I call this,
it's, sorry, it's a little bit complicated, or hydrophilizing the virus. So, in fact,
they are stabilizing the virus in the ecosystem, so that it is more stabilized in the ecosystem,
and it does not have contact with the cells, so that mitigates the infection.
So, what do we...
So, I'm in a positive here for a second. He's a biotech research consultant who's been pushing
the idea of a VAX, imperfect vaccination, enriching the virus in various ways since about 2021.
We are currently at the J1 lineage, and the first time that our mutations are enhancing
the reproductivity of the virus, according to him, and these changes are not found in the spike
protein, but are elsewhere. It's interesting that he doesn't say what protein it is found in. Of course,
there is a limited number, and we know that a few of those proteins, anyway, in their mythology,
are responsible for proofreading and this kind of stuff. So, it's very curious that he doesn't
tell us what proteins these mutations are found in, but COVID rates are climbing, and therefore,
his prediction of an inescapable, immune escape pandemic coming from a new variant that will,
in fact, vaccinated populations, this COVID rates climbing seems to be indicative of that. So,
after Omicron, there were changes that were in the receptor binding domain, then they started
to change outside of the receptor binding domain, even though the immunodominant site of
the spike protein is expected to be the receptor binding domain. This is, of course,
all virology 101. We should know this by now. They've been telling us this for four years on every
channel, on every social media, every, every crazy worst case scenario person knows these basic
things. That's why viruses are real. So, what kind of pressure, what kind of immune pressure are we
putting on the virus? We have to understand that in order to understand what's going on with the
evolution, particularly throat, if we want to understand the evolution of the virus. So,
he actually toys with the idea. This is funny.
He toys with the idea that people had blamed Omicron on a sort of conspiracy theory where they
released the virus, like it was a planned second release, stakeholders added it to extend the
pandemic. And then he makes fun of that as an interesting, Matt Crawford is actually somebody
who said that this might be a white hat addition to the pandemic, like a live vaccine. And even
Brett Weinstein waxed intellectual about that possibility, I think. Anyway, J1N1 is not more
virulent. It's highly infectious. And so, again, there are all these special attributes to viruses
which are given to viruses that aren't even given to pathogens that are full-blown pattern
integrity. You know, have a genetic code, they replicate on their own, this kind of thing.
They have attributes that regular pattern integrity like other species of living organism
don't have, like infectiousness, which is difference than virulence.
I just want you to notice this now that after all that discussion, we went right back to antibodies
and neutralizing antibodies being relevant to this. And we know from, you know, people as diverse as
myself to Jolie that antibodies can't cross the blood lung barrier. So what in the world do we need
antibodies in our blood for and that the antibodies in our blood can only potentially contribute to
clotting and other activation of the immune system that's going to be maladaptive.
So we'll just keep this running here and I'll keep taking some notes. Maybe I'll leave it up
there for a little while and see how that works out. The thing right now is, and that is the reason
there's antibodies in order, how is this possible? Well, this is simple possible because these antibodies
do not match very well with the epitopes of the circulating virus and therefore they have low
affinity. And that is what low affinity antibodies do. They can't so lubilize, so to say the virus without
really neutralizing it. And this kind of effect is due, as I was saying, to low affinity and low
affinity of antibodies means also that the specificity for the associated epitopes is becoming lower
and lower. So low affinity means low specificity for the for the associated epitopes. That is also
why you see that the immune escape has become broader and broader. So after Omicron came,
we had what is called in the literature, large scale immune escape. No longer really focused.
Initially, we had this convergent evolution towards very specific size within spike routine.
Now what we're seeing right now is a large scale evolution where several different
science epitopes are targeted within spike. So what we're seeing right now is that the
specificity with the G and one, the specificity is no longer. It's weird because he was just saying
earlier that these changes are not occurring in spike and now he's saying large scale evolution
in the spike. So I'm not sure he's being totally consistent here. I'm just going to keep listening.
It's no longer targeted at spike routine. So that means the immune pressure is no longer on spike
alone. And that is where you start to see other changes or changes in other viral proteins
that however are still are still enhancing the infectiousness of the virus. And remember,
even if antibodies have an infection mitigating effect, the infection mitigating is not infection
neutralizing. Infection mitigating means suboptimal. Optimal would be neutralization. Suboptimal is
infection mitigating. Because of this infection mitigating effect, you continue immune escape,
of course, because suboptimal immune pressure leads to immune selection of more infectious
variants. That's what we have seen all the time, all the variants that we've seen so far were
characterized by greater by higher infection, infectiousness compared to the predisicism.
And so what we see right now is that this infectious pressure has become even broader
and it has now also affected other proteins, other viral proteins. And that is very, very
some because according to my analysis, and I've written this or I've documented this in my book,
what is right now, but is right now controlling the infectiousness in vaccinees or
CDL responses, cytotoxic T cells, cytotoxic T cells that are have very, very low specificity.
And so that is, that is also why now the mutations or the mutants that are prevailing like GN1
have no longer this specificity, which is targeted as spike protein and other proteins are involved.
But what is important to realize is that this CDL activity,
so you have T cells, you have helper T cells, you have cytotoxic T cells. Now all the activity
is focused on the CDLs. And this cytotoxic T cells will of course prevent T helper cells from
coming into the play. And these T helper cells are required to boost non-neutralizing antibodies.
And these non-neutralizing antibodies, as I described in my book as well, are responsible for inhibiting
the virulence of the virus. So what we are seeing right now is that the antibodies, the non-neutralizing
antibodies that prevent, so to say severe disease, due to COVID and prevent virulence,
are declining because of enhanced activity of the CDL responses and how do we know that
there is enhanced activity of the CDL responses because the pressure.
So as I understand it, he's saying that cytotoxic lymphocyte response to specificity is dropping.
But the response is still dominated by cytotoxic lymphocytes. And so they stop
T helper cells and prevent non-neutralizing antibodies from being produced.
And it used to be a few years ago that non-neutralizing antibodies were the ones that could cause
antibody-dependent enhancement because they could lock the spike protein in the open position after
fear and cleavage. Remember all this stuff? From 2020, all these cartoons that people talked about,
all these studies that people showed with how the spike protein could be cleaved and then how
it changed shape and then antibodies could stabilize it in that position. And therefore,
it could go into any tissue it wanted to after fear and cleavage, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Those were all non-neutralizing antibodies that did that. So now he's talking about cytotoxic T
cells dropping in specificity, starting to dominate the response, preventing cytoty- or T helper cells
from activating B cells to produce non-neutralizing antibodies. It's really strange.
And not at all consistent across even weeks, never mind months or years.
Vaccinees or CTL responses, cytotoxic T cells, cytotoxic T cells that have very, very low
specificity. And so that is also why now the mutations or the mutants that are prevailing,
like GN1, have no longer this specificity, which is started as spike protein and other proteins
are involved. But what is important to realize is that this CTL activity, so you have T cells,
you have helper T cells, you have cytotoxic T cells. Now, all the activity is focused on the
CTLs. And this cytotoxic T cells will, of course, prevent T helper cells from coming into the play.
And these T helper cells are required to boost non-neutralizing antibodies,
and these non-neutralizing antibodies, as I described in my book as well, are responsible for
inhibiting the virulence of the virus. So what we are seeing right now is that the antibodies,
the non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent, so to say severe disease, due to COVID and prevent
virulence, are declining because of enhanced activity of the CTL responses, and how do we know that
activity of the CTL responses? Because the pressure exerted on the virus by those CTLs is not very
unspecific, is not even spike specific, which explains why the new variant GN1 is now having
mutations that are not only not very unspecific, but not even spike specific anymore. So if you
take all these things together, very complex analysis, I think I'm having very alarming use,
it's just coincidence, Steve, that this happens to go inside, I would say, with the show with the
interview, but the GN1 is very, very alarming because the mutations are no longer restricted
to spike routine, which indicates enhanced activity of CTLs to diminish viral infectiousness,
and that CTL activity is responsible for the decline of T cells that, in fact, boost the
non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent virulence. So that is what I've been predicting all the time
that ultimately this evolution would inevitably lead to the emergence of a highly virulent variant
that would cause waves of hospitalization and severe disease in highly vaccinated countries,
of course, always the same, only in highly vaccinated countries, right?
So that's a relief. So what you're saying is that you ain't seen nothing yet, and this is just
act one and prepare for act two, which is going to be more people infected, and so do you believe that
what's coming up is certainly more infections, but do you predict twice as many deaths, three
times as many deaths as before? Can you quantify what you think is going to happen?
I hate to do this, Steve, but I'm...
That's okay.
No, no, no, but I mean, of course, I cannot... It's not because I'm afraid of figures,
just that I'm afraid to say that in my humble opinion, what we will see is something completely
unprecedented in terms of the magnitude of the wave of morbidity and unfortunately mortality
that we will see. But quantify that for me, 10 times, five times, three times, 20 times?
Yeah, what we have seen right now, well, I mean, I would rather say that in some of
the highly vaccinated populations, depending, of course, on age and a little bit depending on
vaccine coverage and on the speed of the vaccination, but I, you know,
would not be surprised that, you know, we will be dealing with serious
decimation of the population, in some populations, maybe up to 30, 40 percent.
Okay, so 40 percent of people will die?
Well, in highly, in certain high, high, high, you know, like in Israel, for example.
Yeah, well, and do you have any information from Israel, Steve? I've been actively searching,
but I can't find anything, you know, after, let's say, October or something.
But we see that it's a GN1, for example, is now all of a sudden, and you can imagine,
there has been selection pressures on epitopes that condition infectiousness or vital entry
within spike. Okay, so that selection you have, if all of a sudden one of these selected mutants
happen just by coincidence, happen to have some additional mutations that can enhance
its infectiousness, and it has not to do with viral entry, you know, it has to do with a higher
or a more effective production or reproduction rate once the virus is inside the cell so that
the epitopes that are now mutating are epitopes of the proteins that are contributing to a more
effective synthesis of the virus. And that will, of course, lead to, or that leads to a higher
viral prediction. But yeah, I haven't seen figures from other countries, but I know that, for example,
this GN1, because it has this exceptional advantage of not only having the mutations linked to spike
protein that promote infectiousness, but also a bunch of other infection enhancing mutations,
so it's not a surprise that all of a sudden GN1 is almost like replacing and accelerating very,
very fast in several different countries. I mean, in Spain, in France, in the Netherlands,
in my country, in Belgium, I know in the US and UK, but probably in most countries. So,
what's the, I forget what the term for it was a replication factor, you know, like Delta had,
you know, was reproduction factor, you know, the, like, how does this reproduction factor compare
with the variants that we've had in the past three times more? Yeah, I haven't seen it for
GN1, but let's say, in general, the reproduction factor or the infectiousness, in fact, because
it's a metric for the infectiousness of the latest of the latest Omicron descendants is between 10
to 100 times higher than for the early Omicron descendants. So the difference between the late
Omicron descendants of the infectiousness compares to the early Omicron descendants
is way higher, way higher than the difference in infectiousness between the early Omicron descendants
and the previous Delta, for example. So that is why people are also saying, I mean, this is,
this is insane that we still talk about Omicron descendants. It should be completely different
stereotypes. These viruses are now so incredibly different that, in fact, they are still descendants
from Omicron, but they are so different in terms of their biological characteristics, especially
the infectiousness. And of course, of course, also their evasion and unification. And it's very
strange because nobody, obviously, is wondering how it is possible that the neutralization
sites of the virus have completely mutated, completely mutated away from the original
neutralizing structure. And nevertheless, you know, that is what Elgortes are saying,
this, you know, the Sierra, or still, or still neutralizing the virus, is a kind of pseudo-neutralizing
effect that only occurs at the very, very high concentration. But normally, as soon as the
concentration goes on a little bit, you have an infection mitigating effect, which is sub-optimal
and drives immune escape because the pressure is sub-optimal. And that is what explains this.
How many times have, as he introduced a new term, like sub-optimal immune pressure,
now he's talking over, repeating over and over again, the infection mitigating effect?
He has introduced more virology, biology terms than anyone else during the pandemic. New ones
applying to the way that viruses squeak out from underneath our immune system or underneath
our imperfect vaccinations. I don't think we need to watch any more of this. I need to kind
of get to bed on time. And I want to stay up on things as it were. I'm not going to do the whole
shutdown here. I am just going to start with the idea that biology is the way out. In this
scenario, we should be advocating for a pause on all childhood vaccinations in the USA. We should
be advocating for strict liability for all pharmaceutical products. And we should be investigating
the mass casualty events of our misconstrued as spread and used to bamboozle the world into
converting to genetic vaccines. We need to get Congress to take us out of the who and disband
our CDC. You can see the meddlers because they don't advocate against childhood vaccination. They
only advocate that there are no viruses. When in reality, the mythology of no viruses is not in
and of itself damaging until you allow it to manifest in the form of a vaccine schedule like
the one that's found in America. If they didn't push anything but silly supplements and vitamins
with the vaccine with the virus mythologies, it would be no big deal. But with the virus mythologies,
they push vaccines into kids arms and legs. And so if you were really against the idea that
vaccines really on it, that viruses are not real, then you should definitely be also always
saying that therefore vaccines are not needed. That vaccines can't work the way that they are
purported to work. They don't use the word transfection. They don't use the word clone to explain
anything. They can't summarize across the entire pandemic to tell you how it is that this illusion
of viruses was confounded with killing people in American hospitals and in Italian hospitals
and in Italian nursing homes or whatever. They don't spend even a second on it if they are
meddlers. It's always novel virus. That's how you can see them. The more optimistic appraisal
of this, you know, wanting to get all of our data and take away our children's sovereignty is the
idea that we are at a peak and we can take advantage of this and change the direction of
the cruise ship to the direction that we wanted to go in rather than the direction that these
controllers wanted to go in. I want to try and remain optimistic about that. I really do.
I think it's really important to remain optimistic about that. Ladies and gentlemen,
please stop all transfection in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by
any means necessary. Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent
of augmenting the immune system is dumb. Transfection healthy humans is criminally
knowgigent. Hand viruses are not pattern integrity. I do have something
little pain or something going on in my throat. I'm not really sure what's going on, but
I'll take some zinc and I'll be fine. My jaw muscles are tired too. That's weird. Maybe I just
got a drink some water. Let's see if I'm going to show my subscribers again one more time. Is that
happening here? If you want to join the support of Gigome Biological, these are the people who
share my work and more importantly for right now are provide the sort of financial
the financial bonus that keeps this going because in reality it's a lot of time and a lot of effort
and it's a lot of time away from my wife and my family that I devote to making this stream.
And so I am very very thankful that so many people think that it's worthwhile and if you think
it's worthwhile please take the time to subscribe and you can do that at gigahombiological.com.
You can also communicate with me and this group of people on soapbox which is found at
gigahombiological.com and then if you watch this scroll down here you can find a place to support
one time. You can find a place to watch the brief. You can also see my schedule. You can
find a number to call to leave a voicemail and a question that I would be happy to play live.
And answer live and then there at the bottom you can also subscribe and join this army
and try to make this the most fortified independent stream out there and you know make us resilient
in the case of being challenged to not say what we think needs to be said. Ladies and gentlemen
thank you very much for joining me and I will see you tomorrow. This is the start of a new streak
I believe unless I start coughing up blood again I think we're going to try and string a bunch
of days together. We had quite a few last time let's see how far we can get. Thanks very much
guys I'll see you again soon.